V5.30 documentation (#4180)
mattermost/docs: source/cloud/cloud-administration/sso-ldap.md

#### Configure AD/LDAP Synchronization

In addition to configuring AD/LDAP sign-in, you can also configure AD/LDAP synchronization. When synchronizing, Mattermost queries AD/LDAP for relevant account information and updates Mattermost accounts based on changes to attributes (first name, last name, and nickname). When accounts are disabled in AD/LDAP users are made inactive in Mattermost, and their active sessions are revoked once Mattermost synchronizes the updated attributes.

**Note:** The AD/LDAP sync depends on email. Make sure all users on your AD/LDAP server have an email address or that their account is deactivated in Mattermost.

To configure AD/LDAP synchronization with AD/LDAP sign-in:

1. Go to **System Console > Authentication > AD/LDAP** and set **Enable Synchronization with AD/LDAP** to **true**.

2. Scroll down to **Synchronization Interval (minutes)** to specify how often Mattermost accounts synchronize attributes with AD/LDAP. The default setting is 60 minutes. The profile picture attribute is only synchronized when the user logs in.

>      - If you want to synchronize immediately after disabling an account, use the **AD/LDAP Synchronize Now** button in **System Console > AD/LDAP**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - If you want to synchronize immediately after disabling an account, select **AD/LDAP Synchronize Now** in **System Console > AD/LDAP**.
```
